# program demonstration
### I created four integer arrays for keeping track of the max appearance of a letter, the number of appearances of a letter, position of ‘- ‘in each row and column. Those data structures helped me keep track of the board and allowed me to check whether a board was valid and whether I was allowed to place a letter on this cell. Then I created two global variables for the dictionary and the length of the board so that I can access the dictionary throughout the crossword class, and I don’t need to call the board. length every time and improve my runtime. I created a character array for an alphabet that was reordered from the most frequently used letter to the last. Using this reordered alphabet makes my program more efficient and has a faster runtime. 
### All the data will be initialized in fillPuzzle. Then it will call fillRec and pass in the current cell we want to fill a letter in, and it begins with (0,0). FillRec will determine whether the row or column is out of bounds or not. Then, it will check what character is on this location of the file board. If it’s a ‘- ‘, then we can simply place the ‘-‘on the filled board, update the location of the minus, and go to the next cell by making another recursive call or return found if at the last cell. If it’s a ‘+’, then we need to go through the reordered alphabet and check what letter can be placed in this cell. To check it, we will call the isValid method from the recursive method. This method can help us determine if we place this letter that is not at an edge, will it make the col/row words become a prefix or if it’s at an edge, will it make the col/row words become a word? It will return true if the letter can be placed there or false if the letter cannot be placed there. If isValid returns true to the recursive method, we are now able to place the letter and check the next cell or return found if we are at the last cell, if we are not going to get any solution out from this letter. We will remove the letter and decrease its appearance time. If it’s a number, we will treat it as the ‘+’ case. But this time, we will need to store the number and check if the letter appeared more than the max on the board or not. If not, we can go to the next cell or return to find a solution if we are on the last cell, otherwise, we need to find another letter. Then if no solution, we removed the letter, decreased the number of appearances, and reset the max. Then if the cell is a letter. Then we check whether we can place this letter or not. If we can’t, we need to backtrack and change the letter before. If the cell is placeable, we go to the next cell or return found if at the last cell. Else, we unplace the letter. 
### I changed my isValid method when dealing with test3b, and I made my code more specific for every different case. And now my code runs test3b successfully but failed test4b even though it worked before. It also failed test4c and f. So, I think there is something wrong when I deal with the ‘-‘ case. But inside of the isValid method. I split it into two parts, one for dealing with the board without any ‘-‘ and one for the ‘-‘. When dealing with the board that has ‘-‘, since I have two integer arrays to keep track of the ‘-‘, I can just use them to help me check. But they only represent either there’s a minus in this row or this column. This means I need to have multiple if statements to handle different cases. For example, we are at (2,1), and my arrays told me there’s one ‘-‘ in row 2 and column 2, and it seems like the whole column 2 is ‘-‘ and not fillable. But maybe there was some logic error when writing the code or I made some changes to a part of the method that changed my ‘-‘ case handler’s behavior. So now it can’t pass test4, c, and d.


# runtime table

| test number   | runtime          | found solution  |
| ------        | ---------------- | ----------------|
| test3a        | 0.1522167 secoud | success         |
| test3b        | 3.4313223 secoud | success         |
| test3c        | 0.0945128 secoud | success         |
| test4a        | 1.152993  secoud | success         |
| test4b        | 1.9440684 secoud | failed          |
| test4c        | 1.5509728 secoud | failed          |
| test4f        | 1.1546784 secoud | failed          |
| test5a        | 37.938785 secoud | success         |
# worse case analysis

## Number of words in the dictionary
 ### prefix for all the words: w
## Number of characters in a word
 ### go through all the letter l
## Number of possible letters in a crossword location
 ### go through the whole alphabat a: 26
## Number of crossword locations in the puzzle
 ### n

## fillPuzzle
 ###  all cases are '+', 1 recursive call per cell. 1 recursive call cost.
 ### whent thourgh all the letters
 ### O(26lwn)
## checkPuzzle
 ### since my checkPuzzle used alot of for loops, and it will go throught the row/col array and the words in dictionary to check whether it's a word or no, my runtime will act pooly which in this case I think the worse-case runtime will be Big Omega(n^3)



