# table for 4 compression algorithm
| Test Files        | Original Compression(in byte)   | Whitout Reset (in byte)         | With Rest (in byte)             | Compression.exe (in byte)       |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------- | ------------------------------- | ------------------------------- | ------------------------------- |
|                   | Orginal   / Compressed / Ratio  | Orginal   / Compressed / Ratio  | Orginal   / Compressed / Ratio  | Orginal   / Compressed / Ratio  |
|                   |---------- / ---------- / ------ |---------- / ---------- / ------ |---------- / ---------- / ------ |---------- / ---------- / ------ |
| all.tar           | 3,031,040 / 1,846,854  / 1.6412 | 3,031,040 / 1,792,781  / 1.6907 | 3,031,040 / 1,178,220  / 2.5726 | 3,031,040 / 1,179,467  / 2.5698 |
| assig2.doc        | 87,040    / 74,574     / 1.1672 | 87,040    / 40,039     / 2.1739 | 87,040    / 40,039     / 2.1739 | 87,040    / 40,040     / 2.1738 |
| bmps.tar          | 1,105,920 / 925,079    / 1.1955 | 1,105,920 / 80,913     / 13.668 | 1,105,920 / 80,913     / 13.668 | 1,105,920 / 80,913     / 13.668 |
| code.txt          | 72,351    / 30,980     / 2.3354 | 72,351    / 24,544     / 2.9478 | 72,351    / 24,544     / 2.9478 | 72,351    / 24,545     / 2.9477 |
| code2.txt         | 57,701    / 24,138     / 2.3905 | 57,701    / 20,515     / 2.8126 | 57,701    / 20,515     / 2.8126 | 57,701    / 20,516     / 2.8125 |
| edit.exe          | 236,328   / 250,742    / 0.9425 | 236,328   / 156,409    / 1.5110 | 236,328   / 152,230    / 1.5524 | 236,328   / 151,111    / 1.5639 |
| frosty.jpg        | 126,748   / 177,453    / 0.7143 | 126,748   / 163,789    / 0.7738 | 126,748   / 171,169    / 0.7405 | 126,748   / N/A        / N/A    |
| gone_fishing.bmp  | 17,336    / 9,178      / 1.8685 | 17,336    / 8,962      / 1.9344 | 17,336    / 8,962      / 1.9344 | 17,336    / 8,964      / 1.9340 |
| large.txt         | 1,220,703 / 605,184    / 2.0171 | 1,220,703 / 501,777    / 2.4328 | 1,220,703 / 527,443    / 2.3144 | 1,220,703 / 522,673    / 2.3355 |
| Lego-big.gif      | 93,371    / 128,973    / 0.7240 | 93,371    / 122,493    / 0.7623 | 93,371    / 122,493    / 0.7623 | 93,371    / N/A        / N/A    |
| medium.txt        | 25,407    / 13,197     / 1.9252 | 25,407    / 12,530     / 2.0277 | 25,407    / 12,530     / 2.0277 | 25,407    / 12,531     / 2.0275 |
| texts.tar         | 1,382,400 / 1,012,179  / 1.3658 | 1,382,400 / 597,847    / 2.3123 | 1,382,400 / 590,558    / 2.3408 | 1,382,400 / 589,697    / 2.3443 |
| wacky.bmp         | 921,654   / 4,302      / 214.14 | 921,654   / 3,951      / 233.27 | 921,654   / 3,951      / 233.27 | 921,654   / 3,952      / 233.21 |
| winnt256.bmp      | 157,044   / 159,050    / 0.9834 | 157,044   / 62,931     / 2.4955 | 157,044   / 62,931     / 2.4955 | 157,044   / 62,931     / 2.4955 |

#### For all.tar, compression with reset compresses the file the best since the compression ratio is 2.5726. It's because all.tar is a large file, and there's a high possibility that the codebook will be full. At that point, we can either reset or do nothing. But in this case, compression with reset will perform better because the codeword we had before is no longer useful for the rest of the file. 

#### For assig2.doc, compression with and without reset have a better and same compression ratio, which is 2.1739. Compress.exe has a similar compression ratio, which is 2.1728. It’s because when compressing assig2.doc, the codebook size and codeword width will never reach the maximum. After all, the data has strong redundancy. However, the size of the codebook will still have to increase at some point. That is why it performed poorly for the original unmodified compression since the dictionary size is fixed in this version.

#### For bmps.tar, Compress.exe, with resetting, and without resetting perform the same and the best with a ratio of 13.668. Since the original file size is not as large as all.tar files, the codebook size and codeword width will never reach the maximum. Therefore, we will never enter the reset case. 

#### For code.txt, compression with resetting and without resetting perform the same and the best with a ratio of 2.9478. Still, code.txt is a pretty small file that won’t reach the reset case. But because code.txt is a text file, compressing it with LZW will perform well since the data in the text file has a lot of redundancies. 
### For code2.txt, compression with and without resetting performs the best, with a ratio of 2.8126. Code2.txt is a small file with data that is redundant and will never reach the reset case since the patterns make it harder to reach the limit size.

#### For edit.exe, compress.exe performs the best, with a ratio of 1.5639. Meanwhile, compression with resetting has a similar ratio of 1.5524. It’s because the old patterns in the old codebook will not be helpful when compressing the rest of the data after the codebook is full. So, resetting the codebook when the codebook is full will make a better performance.

#### For forsty.jpg, compress without setting performs the best with a ratio of 0.7738. **Compress.exe can’t even compress this file**. This is because the jpg file is already compressed. This file also **has the worst compression ratio of 0.7143** for original LZW compression since it’s a large, compressed file. Compared with Lego-big.gif, frosty.jpg contains more color, which will make it have a larger codebook.

#### For gone_fishing.bmp, compression with resetting and without resetting perform the same and the best with a ratio of 1.9344. I think it’s because there are some redundancies in the data that make the size of the codebook and width of the codewords reach the maximum. Therefore, never enters the reset case.

#### For large.txt, compression without resetting performs the best, with a ratio of 2.4328. Since large.txt is a text file, it means it will have a lot of redundancies, so it worked well with LZW compression. It’s also a large file, and it will reach the reset case. Since the reset case will empty the codebook. Therefore, no old patterns will be memorized, and it might cause a higher compression rate.

#### For Lego-big.gif, compression with and without resetting performs the best with a ratio of 0.7623, and **Compress.exe can’t even compress it**. This is because the GIF files are already compressed. When trying to use LZW compression to compress an already compressed file will decrease the ratio and have a bad performance. 

#### For medium.txt, compression with and without resetting performs the best with a ratio of 2.0277. Meanwhile, Compress.exe also gave a similar ratio of 2.0275. It’s because medium.txt is a medium-sized text file that will have a lot of redundancies that will not cause the size of the codebook or width of the codeword to reach the maximum. Therefore, it won’t enter the reset case.

#### For texts.tar, Compress.exe performs the best with a ratio of 2.3443, while compression with resetting has a similar ratio of 2.3408. It’s because the tar file is a package of files that will have redundancies. Since the original file size of texts.tar is large, it will eventually reach the maximum codebook size and codeword width. In this case, we can either reset or do nothing. But reset performs better because the old patterns in the codebook are not related to the new patterns. Therefore, we want to get rid of the old patterns and save space for new patterns.

#### For wacky.bmp, compression with and without resetting performs the best with a ratio of 233.27. Meanwhile, Compress.exe has a similar compression ratio of 233.21. It’s because wacky.bmp is a small file with a lot of redundancies. This bit map contains only two colors- pink words and white backgrounds. This makes the compression easy to compress and hard to reach the codebook size maximum and codeword width maximum. Therefore, we will never reach the reset case. This also makes it become the **best-compressed file with the greatest compression ratio**.

#### For winnt256.bmp, compression with, without resetting, and Compress.exe perform the best with a ratio of 2.4955. This is because winnt256.bmp is not a large file. Even though it contains multiple colors, it will still never reach the reset case. But because it has more data than wacky.bmp, it will take more space when compressing.
